Let scripts use the CLI to internally access the API by default. (#1960)
DOMjudge/domjudge: doc/manual/import.rst

``<API_URL>`` in the examples below with the API URL of your local DOMjudge
installation.

> To use the CLI, you need to replace ``<WEBAPP_DIR>`` with the path to

Reviewer: I might be wrong, but I think we don't mention `<WEBAPP_DIR>` anymore after your commit.

So I propose something like:
```suggestion
To use the CLI, you need to run inside the ``webapp`` directory of the DOMserver.
```

If I understand how the current CLI is implemented.

Reviewer 2: Yea so we drop this whole line imho

Reviewer 2: Ah yes you are right. Sorry, this uses console except for in `Putting all API imports together`
